Initial import of "API calling protected API as itself" scenario. (#6)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-java: access-protected-api/README.md

<!-- Keeping yaml frontmatter commented out for now
---
# Metadata required by https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/
# Metadata properties: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/help/contribute/samples/process/onboarding?branch=main#add-metadata-to-readme
languages:
- java
page_type: sample

> name: "Java API written in Spring Boot that both calls Microsoft Graph as itself."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "Java web API written in Spring Boot that calls Microsoft Graph as itself."

```

> description: "This Java API and calls Microsoft Graph as itself using the Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for Java. The code in this sample is used by one or more articles on docs.microsoft.com."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This Java API and calls Microsoft Graph as itself using the Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for Java, msal4j. The code in this sample is used by one or more articles on docs.microsoft.com."

```

products:
- azure
- azure-active-directory
- ms-graph

> urlFragment: ms-identity-docs-code-webapp-java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
urlFragment: ms-identity-docs-code-webapi-java

```

| **Name**                       | `java-api`                                                           | Suggested value for this sample. <br/> You can change the app name at any time.             |
| **Supported account types**    | **Accounts in this organizational directory only (Single tenant)**   | Suggested value for this sample.                                                            |
| **Platform type**              | _None_                                                               | No redirect URI required; don't select a platform.                                          |
| **Client secret**              | _**Value** of the client secret (not its ID)_                        | :warning: Record this value immediately! <br/> It's shown only _once_ (when you create it). |

> :information_source: **Bold text** in the tables above matches (or is similar to) a UI element in the Azure portal, while `code formatting` indicates a value you enter into a text box in the Azure portal.

### 2. Update code sample with app registration values

> Open the [_application.yml_](src/main/resources/application.yml) file and modify the four Azure Active Directory configuration properties using the values from your [app's registration in the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-configure-app-expose-web-apis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [_application.yml_](src/main/resources/application.yml), update the Azure AD property values with those from your [app's registration in the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-configure-app-expose-web-apis).
```

```yaml
# 'Tenant ID' of your Azure AD instance - this value is a GUID
tenant-id: value-here

# 'Application (client) ID' of app registration in Azure portal - this value is a GUID
client-id: value-here

# Client secret 'Value' (not its ID) from 'Client secrets' in app registration in Azure portal
client-secret: value-here

# 'Object ID' of app registration in Azure portal - this value is a GUID
client-object-id: value-here
```

### 3. Install package(s) and compile application

> To install Spring Boot and MSAL libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Spring Boot and the MSAL for Java ([msal4j](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.microsoft.azure/msal4j)) packages:
```

Author: Oh, but it's not this one.  It's actually a Spring Boot meta package which includes msal4j as a downstream dependency.  Does that change thoughts on this one?

Author: I'll go ahead and merge this one as-is, but if you want to noodle on this a bit more for the other Spring READMEs, feel free to. :)  Have a great weekend.

Reviewer: Yup, will need to figure that out. Thanks, you too!

```bash
mvn install
```

## Run the application

```bash
mvn spring-boot:run
```

## Access the API

Using Postman, curl, or a similar application, issue an HTTP GET request to *http://localhost:8080/api/application*.

For example, if you use curl and everything worked, the sample you should receive a response from the API similar to this:

```console
$ curl http://localhost:8080/api/application
{
  "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#applications/$entity",
  "id": "04487cab-91cf-46d8-b4ed-1a428388bdd2",
  "appId": "de5dcdc6-8dfe-4048-aff6-c615dea4ee3d",
  "displayName": "java-api",
  "description": null,
  "groupMembershipClaims": null,
  "identifierUris": ["api://de5dcdc6-8dfe-4048-aff6-c615dea4ee3d"],
  "isDeviceOnlyAuthSupported": null,
  "isFallbackPublicClient": null,
  "notes": null,
  "publisherDomain": "contoso.onmicrosoft.com",
  "signInAudience": "AzureADMyOrg",
  "tags": [],
  "tokenEncryptionKeyId": null,
  "defaultRedirectUri": null,
  "certification": null,
  "optionalClaims": null,
  …
}
```

## About the code

> This Java API uses the Spring Boot web framework. The app has a single, anonymous route. When that route is called, the application will make a Microsoft Graph request to get information about its own app registration. This is being done via the client credentials OAuth flow, meaning the application is using its own App registration as the credentials to generate the access token for Microsoft Graph. The results of the Microsoft Graph call are then returned as the results of the API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Java web API uses the Spring Boot web framework and has a single route that supports anonymous access. When its anonymous route is called, the API requests its own application object from the Microsoft Graph API.

The web API uses MSAL for Java to get an access token for Microsoft Graph by using the OAuth 2.0 client credentials flow. That is, this web API (a confidential client) uses the credentials in its app registration (and thus its own identity) when requesting the access token for Microsoft Graph. If its call to the Microsoft Graph API was successful, the Java web API then returns the results to its anonymous caller.
```

I'm not sure if this is any clearer but felt like noodling on it. It's a Friday.

Author: I dig it.

> No specific Microsoft Graph permissions needed to be assigned to the app registration in the Azure AD portal, because app registrations can access their own records without additional permissions. To access other Microsoft Graph endpoints, the app registration for this API would require additional Microsoft Graph API permissions assigned to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web API requires no specific Microsoft Graph API permissions because applications registered with Azure Azure AD always have permission to access their own record, or *object*, in Microsoft Graph. To access other Microsoft Graph API endpoints, however, permissions for those endpoints must be added to the web API's registration in Azure AD.
```

Author: Nice.
